README.md, before:

# Guess The Boozer <img src="" style="width: 40px;height:40px;">


**Developer: Ronan McGill**

💻 [Visit live website](https://reel-2022-new.herokuapp.com/login/)

![Mockup image]()


## Table of Contents
  - [About](#about)
  - [User Goals](#user-goals)
  - [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
  - [User Experience](#user-experience)
  - [User Stories](#user-stories)
  - [Design](#design)
    - [Colours](#colours)
    - [Fonts](#fonts)
    - [Structure](#structure)
      - [Website pages](#website-pages)
      - [Database](#database)
    - [Wireframes](#wireframes)
  - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Validation](#validation)
  - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Manual testing of user stories](#manual-testing-of-user-stories)
    - [Automated testing](#automated-testing)
    - [Performing tests on various devices](#performing-tests-on-various-devices)
    - [Browser compatibility](#browser-compatibility)
  - [Bugs](#bugs)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Google emails](#google-emails)
    - [Heroku Deployment](#heroku-deployment)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## About

Guess the boozer is a social media game to play with friends, the object of the game is to guess what pub,bar,resteraunt your friends are in based on their vague images and hints, this is a game that my friends and I personaly Play most weekends and by creating guess the boozer we will bring the game to a wider audience.

## User Goals

Register and Login to a new Social media site.

Join in on the fun and Create posts and give hints to other users so they can try tio guess where i am or have been.

guess where other users are or have been using the information they supply.


## Site Owner Goals

Create a platform for people to connect with eachother

Implement a gaming/puzzel aspect to the social media site

Spread awareness about new, fun, diffrent bars/pubs and resteraunts


## User Experience

### Target Audience

People who enjoy socialising.

People who enjoy puzzels.

People who enjoy gaming.

### User Requirements

Easy navigation, familiar layout and UX/UI design.

Easy to use.

Responsive layout for users on all devices.

User feedback from user actions.

Constant stream of new content from other users.

Ability to connect with other users.

Ability to share posts, connect and converse with other users.

Dedicated Page/blog to advertise and support businesses and inform users of updates to the site and any other relavant news.


## User Stories


### site Owner

user search bar/ list of users MUST HAVE
#24 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

create contact us form
#23 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

create a blog
#22 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

users create + view hashtags MUST HAVE
#21 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

users comment on posts MUST HAVE
#20 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

users create posts MUST HAVE
#19 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

build login/signup page MUST HAVE
#18 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

setup repository prep
#17 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

deploy to heroku prep
#16 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

install django + supporting libraries
#15 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1


 ### Users

USER STORY should be able to log into my account MUST HAVE
#1 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY have a log in page MUST HAVE
#2 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY have an explore page COULD HAVE
#3 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY have a personal profile COULD HAVE
#4 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY be able tom follow other users SHOULD HAVE
#6 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY add gps location of solved boozers COULD HAVE
#7 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY add photos to posts COULD HAVE
#8 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY comment on other users posts COULD HAVE
#9 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY view other users posts COULD HAVE
#10 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY upload details of recent trips to the pub/resteraunt COULD HAVE
#11 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY discover more unique bars and restaurants near me MUST HAVE
#12 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY find good pubs, bars, restaurants local to me MUST HAVE
#13 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY : connecting people who enjoy socialising and puzzels MUST HAVE
#14 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1



## Design

## Colours
the colour scheme was chosen as there is a nice contrast between diffrent elements which makes for a pleasurable user experience also the colour schem plays a role in helping the user feel familiar with the site as the gradient used is similar to instagram just with the colours changedm, the fade from dark green to bright green in the background is like instagrams gradient from dark purple to bright pink.

## Fonts
***all fonts are standard at the time of writing this.***


## Structure
ease of use was the goal for this site. the navagation bar at ther top of the page provides easy clikable links to each section of the site, from there you can dive deeper into other features of the site.

## Website pages
The website is made up of the following pages:
Home page/feed this page is your landing page once logged in and will propt you to update your profile information and instruct you what to do next, following these instructions you will find other users and populate this page with there posts after following some users.
Register page, this is where a user can create an account.
Login page, on this page users can login to their account.
search page, this page will show users a list of other users and provide a button to search for users by name.
Logout page allowing user to log out of the website, this page will also provide the user with an option to log back in.
Profile page where users can add their profile picture first/last name, bio and website. This page will display thier profile image,bio, name, posted posts and favourited posts. If a user is on another users Profile they will not have the option to edit their profile but will have an option to follow the user in its place.
post detail page is used for specific posts that a user clicks on, this page will show all of the details of a given post and also provide a button to view the comments and post/delete a comment, view the hashtags and likes associated with the post.
the tags page is where all posts with corrisponding tags are displayed.
the favourites page is in the profile page and when clicked the user posts will no loger show but the posts that the given user has favourited will display instead.
the cooment page/modal is used to display, post and delete comments on nay given post.
the blog page is a site owner run blog to promote businesses and provide users with information.
Contact page with contact form which allows users to send an email to the site owner and provide their feedback or questions.
***no 404 error page yet.***

## Database
The backend is built on the Django framework using Postgres for the deployed Heroku version I have created a graph model of the site using python extensions and graphviz to display the model relationships.

<img src="/workspace/Reel/REEL_sans_foo_bar.png">

### blogpost

the blog post model contains title, slug, intro, body, date_added, picture,
the title field contains the title of the blog post
the slug field contains the individal slug for each blog post
the intro contains a breif subject line for the blog post
the body contains the main content for the blog post
the date added contains the date and time the blog was created
the picture field contains the image that is uploaded to support the text of the blog post.

### comment model
post
user
body
date




## Wireframes


## Technologies Used
### Languages & Frameworks

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Python 3.10.2
- Django 3.2

## Features


## Validation


## Testing


## Manual testing of user stories


## Automated testing


## Performing tests on various devices


## Browser compatibility


## Bugs


## Configuration


## Google emails


## Heroku Deployment


## Credits


## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

add contact app model detaisl to readme.md

README.md, after:

# Guess The Boozer <img src="" style="width: 40px;height:40px;">


**Developer: Ronan McGill**

💻 [Visit live website](https://reel-2022-new.herokuapp.com/login/)

![Mockup image]()


## Table of Contents
  - [About](#about)
  - [User Goals](#user-goals)
  - [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
  - [User Experience](#user-experience)
  - [User Stories](#user-stories)
  - [Design](#design)
    - [Colours](#colours)
    - [Fonts](#fonts)
    - [Structure](#structure)
      - [Website pages](#website-pages)
      - [Database](#database)
    - [Wireframes](#wireframes)
  - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Validation](#validation)
  - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Manual testing of user stories](#manual-testing-of-user-stories)
    - [Automated testing](#automated-testing)
    - [Performing tests on various devices](#performing-tests-on-various-devices)
    - [Browser compatibility](#browser-compatibility)
  - [Bugs](#bugs)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Google emails](#google-emails)
    - [Heroku Deployment](#heroku-deployment)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## About

Guess the boozer is a social media game to play with friends, the object of the game is to guess what pub,bar,resteraunt your friends are in based on their vague images and hints, this is a game that my friends and I personaly Play most weekends and by creating guess the boozer we will bring the game to a wider audience.

## User Goals

Register and Login to a new Social media site.

Join in on the fun and Create posts and give hints to other users so they can try tio guess where i am or have been.

guess where other users are or have been using the information they supply.


## Site Owner Goals

Create a platform for people to connect with eachother

Implement a gaming/puzzel aspect to the social media site

Spread awareness about new, fun, diffrent bars/pubs and resteraunts


## User Experience

### Target Audience

People who enjoy socialising.

People who enjoy puzzels.

People who enjoy gaming.

### User Requirements

Easy navigation, familiar layout and UX/UI design.

Easy to use.

Responsive layout for users on all devices.

User feedback from user actions.

Constant stream of new content from other users.

Ability to connect with other users.

Ability to share posts, connect and converse with other users.

Dedicated Page/blog to advertise and support businesses and inform users of updates to the site and any other relavant news.


## User Stories


### site Owner

user search bar/ list of users MUST HAVE
#24 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

create contact us form
#23 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

create a blog
#22 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

users create + view hashtags MUST HAVE
#21 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

users comment on posts MUST HAVE
#20 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

users create posts MUST HAVE
#19 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

build login/signup page MUST HAVE
#18 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

setup repository prep
#17 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

deploy to heroku prep
#16 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

install django + supporting libraries
#15 opened on 27 Jun by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1


 ### Users

USER STORY should be able to log into my account MUST HAVE
#1 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY have a log in page MUST HAVE
#2 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY have an explore page COULD HAVE
#3 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY have a personal profile COULD HAVE
#4 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY be able tom follow other users SHOULD HAVE
#6 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY add gps location of solved boozers COULD HAVE
#7 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY add photos to posts COULD HAVE
#8 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY comment on other users posts COULD HAVE
#9 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY view other users posts COULD HAVE
#10 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY upload details of recent trips to the pub/resteraunt COULD HAVE
#11 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY discover more unique bars and restaurants near me MUST HAVE
#12 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY find good pubs, bars, restaurants local to me MUST HAVE
#13 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1

USER STORY : connecting people who enjoy socialising and puzzels MUST HAVE
#14 opened on 22 Apr by RoMcGill
 PBI ITERATION 1



## Design

## Colours
the colour scheme was chosen as there is a nice contrast between diffrent elements which makes for a pleasurable user experience also the colour schem plays a role in helping the user feel familiar with the site as the gradient used is similar to instagram just with the colours changedm, the fade from dark green to bright green in the background is like instagrams gradient from dark purple to bright pink.

## Fonts
***all fonts are standard at the time of writing this.***


## Structure
ease of use was the goal for this site. the navagation bar at ther top of the page provides easy clikable links to each section of the site, from there you can dive deeper into other features of the site.

## Website pages
The website is made up of the following pages:
Home page/feed this page is your landing page once logged in and will propt you to update your profile information and instruct you what to do next, following these instructions you will find other users and populate this page with there posts after following some users.
Register page, this is where a user can create an account.
Login page, on this page users can login to their account.
search page, this page will show users a list of other users and provide a button to search for users by name.
Logout page allowing user to log out of the website, this page will also provide the user with an option to log back in.
Profile page where users can add their profile picture first/last name, bio and website. This page will display thier profile image,bio, name, posted posts and favourited posts. If a user is on another users Profile they will not have the option to edit their profile but will have an option to follow the user in its place.
post detail page is used for specific posts that a user clicks on, this page will show all of the details of a given post and also provide a button to view the comments and post/delete a comment, view the hashtags and likes associated with the post.
the tags page is where all posts with corrisponding tags are displayed.
the favourites page is in the profile page and when clicked the user posts will no loger show but the posts that the given user has favourited will display instead.
the cooment page/modal is used to display, post and delete comments on nay given post.
the blog page is a site owner run blog to promote businesses and provide users with information.
Contact page with contact form which allows users to send an email to the site owner and provide their feedback or questions.
***no 404 error page yet.***

## Database
The backend is built on the Django framework using Postgres for the deployed Heroku version I have created a graph model of the site using python extensions and graphviz to display the model relationships.

<img src="/workspace/Reel/REEL_sans_foo_bar.png">

### blogpost app

the blog post model contains title, slug, intro, body, date_added, picture,
the title field contains the title of the blog post
the slug field contains the individal slug for each blog post
the intro contains a breif subject line for the blog post
the body contains the main content for the blog post
the date added contains the date and time the blog was created
the picture field contains the image that is uploaded to support the text of the blog post.

### comment app
the comment model contains post, user, body, date
The post field contains a ForeignKey to id the post.
The user field contains a ForeignKey to id the user.
The body field contains a textfield to manage user input
The date field contains contains the date and time which the comment was posted.

### contact app
the contact model contains name, email, subject, message
The name field contains the users name
The email field contains the users email address
The subject field contains the subject/ reason for contact
The message field contains the main body/contact of the correspondance.

### post app

the post app contains 5 models follow, stream, likes, post and tag





## Wireframes


## Technologies Used
### Languages & Frameworks

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Python 3.10.2
- Django 3.2

## Features


## Validation


## Testing


## Manual testing of user stories


## Automated testing


## Performing tests on various devices


## Browser compatibility


## Bugs


## Configuration


## Google emails


## Heroku Deployment


## Credits


## Acknowledgements
